# bitclout-style-tweaks

A collection of style tweaks for the BitClout UI

TLDR; As a designer, the monospaced font being used "stylistically" annoys the bejeesus out of me, and I created this chrome extension to turn it off, and decided to make a few more tweaks along the way, to improve the user experience of other early BitClout users.

Boilerplate generated by https://extensionizr.com/


## Installation

1. Download the code for this extension from https://github.com/kidGodzilla/bitclout-style-tweaks
2. Navigate to `Code` → `Download Zip` to download this to your Desktop
3. Unzip the folder somewhere, and leave it there. If you delete it, the extension stops working.
4. Navigate to chrome://extensions/ in your browser
5. Enable Developer Mode (toggle in upper right corner of screen)
6. Click `Load Unpacked` (extension) in the top left corner, and select the extension directory

That's it! 

Remember, Updates don't occur automatically when you install the extension from source.


## Aspirations

I'd like to do a dark mode theme, but after exploring the structure of the CSS in detail for a few minutes, it just doesn't seem incredibly stable. A dark mode theme is going to be fiddly / hacky, might be something I delay doing until a version 2.


## Todo

There's still quite a bit of boilerplate that I might end up deleting, just so people don't have to read as much code to ensure I'm not stealing their keys 😅 

I wanted to have a fancy settings menu for dark mode, but it ends up generating a lot of "stuff". Could remove it for v1, especially since dark mode might be too ambitious for the first release.

